Implemented tweet tokenization (#3)
tmhatton/MLinPractice: README.md

### Classical Preprocessing

> The script `run_preprocessing.py` is used t o run various preprocessing steps on the raw data, producing additional columns in the csv file. It is executed as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script `run_preprocessing.py` is used to run various preprocessing steps on the raw data, producing additional columns in the csv file. It is executed as follows:
```
